give me a merciful Father that endeavor
look in depth look at NBA players who
gives back to the community the Boston
Celtics shooting guard oh yeah Alan
native of Chicago Southside loud at home
development also resided on the west
side gives it back to those communities
by providing backpacks filled with
school supplies at the beginning of each
school year and thanks give it at
Christmas Tony Allen provides turkeys
for residents of these communities Tony
Allen's motto is to stay in school if
you can dream it you can achieve it with
hard work and dedication Tony Allen's
road to the NBA was not an easy he was a
former public league star and crane high
school who landed at Oklahoma State the
Stillwater I've been stopped at Wabash
Valley and Butler County to close we
blossom the news junior colleges in
senior year at oklahoma state until
system high school and was named big 12
Player of the Year and let the Cowboys
to the Final Four in NC double-a
tournament his hard work and dedication
made his dreams a reality when he was
drafted by the Boston Celtics from the
first well of the two thousand four in
da trap Tony Allen is a good basis
defendant one of the best 10 wonder
there's plenty
it'd be a quitter we'll do that la voz
glass block baby boy go into a back
engine turns over phone from yahoo
member
by travelpod member